---
title: "My tools"
date: 2023-06-25
---

I always liked this kinds of posts, more for a "history" sake for me than for others. Here is a quick overview of tools I use on a daily basis **today** to do my work:

- Sublime
- Sublime Merge
- iTerm
- TablePlus
- RapidAPI (Paw)
- Fish shell (a bunch of other small utilities, check out my dotfiles[^1]])

For my desktop productivity tools I use:

- Arc (browser)
- Raycast
- CleanShot X
- Apple Notes

For hardware I use:

- Apple MacBook Pro 18,3
- NuPhy Air96 & Logitech Pro X Superlight
- DELL U3421WE
- Logitech Streamcam & Logitech Lira
- Apple AirPod Max & Apple AirPod Pro 2

## On Sublime

I love Sublime, it's fast, the plugins are not slowing it down, and it has a very clean UI. Lot's of buttons and features go on my nerves.

Recently I've been looking at Zed[^2] but it needs a bit more work for it to be a plausible alternative. I would consider switch just so I switch. I've been on sublime since at least 2014, with short trips to VSCode, Atom, Vim, and PyCharm.

I also use Sublime Merge as my git UI since it integrates well with the editor, but is a separate window. This was my largest gripe with PyCharm's git client which was amazing.

## On Arc

I've switched to Arc as a challenge to see if I could use it as a daily driver. And I love it so far, I feel like it fits the way I think and use internet. If you want an invite send me a message I'll be glad to send you one.

[^1]: https://github.com/andreicek/dotfiles
[^2]: https://zed.dev/
